# WeCare

The numbers of international students studying in Australia have been growing throughout theyears, and it has done a great contribution to the economy. However, Florance and McGhee(2016) has concluded that the issues and problems of adverse and unfair treatment thathappened to the international students cannot be neglected. Most of the international studentswho are new to Australia may not have enough information and knowledge about the workingconditions when they are looking for a job in Australia. They may not know how to protect andstand up for their rights when they are being unfairly treated at work.

The aim of this project is to create a mobile application named ‘WeCare’ that will be able toprovide information about working conditions in Australia to international students which willeventually better understand their rights and avoid being exploited in their respective workplaces. The mobile application will include helpful information featured in facts, working tipsassistance services information, which aims at helping our audience who are looking for a jobin Australia to improve the awareness of the working rights and restrictions, as well aseducating them about the working conditions of different workplaces in Australia.

This report will present an insight our the ‘WeCare’ application. This will include stating themain reasons behind the idea of creating such an application and how it can be a helpful toolto solve issues which are encountered by international students. The different functions thatwill be included in the application will not only help user to get information but also help themto interact with people and keep in touch with actual news will also be illustrated followed byan overview of the system architecture and the data sources that will be used in the creation ofthe app. Finally, the risks about this project will be mentioned along with the security aspectand considerations which will be involved. According to the Random Team, the WeCare appcan be completed and delivered by the end of October 2017.